yes for everything that we do feel
special to us
so we're smelling it up and we're
raising a fuss Christmas later late
tonight because you're so fantastic
bells a little extra effort and it's the
reason cuz it's getting me Christmas
wanna make it with
Christmas for 40 cents there's a limit
to what you can say between most cities
but you can say this much all this much
or even more in a letter that the people
at Australia Post will deliver anywhere
in Australia or for little more anywhere
anyway make the most of the post send
something that lasts and a phonecall
vaporous it's Christmas party time and
big rooster can make it so easy
everybody loves big rooster barbecued
all fried with so many delicious extras
like hot buttered corn on the cob tasty
garden fresh salads delicious fish and
chips green peas rinsed potatoes and
gravy chicken nuggets at Christmas
parties everybody wants something
different tweets almost sold out big
free beach front on the ocean Langley on
the ocean and Banyan de on the river but
these prices look what you get the
waterfront home and investment your
family has always wanted eighty-three
percent sold already be quick
ask any Sunshine Coast real estate agent
to show you an apartment in the
Maroochydore big 3 be quick
hey golden hammer the great option game
over the excitement of a real long shot
oxen who wants to buy my lovely Louie
Gans chair 3000 sold to the lady across
golden hammer the game of buying selling
and bidding show your skill as an option
ear
grand piano and watch my bid golden
hammer a game of a changing virtue
golden hammer the great auction game
something fast is bad just squeeze and
job
Oh
a great new idea for Christmas fencing
is a growing sport among the youngsters
here in Queensland it's an exciting test
of skill endurance and strategy most
important of all fencing is safe no
fencer raises a blade unless he and his
opponent are fully protagonists the
first rule of fencer learns and one he
never forgets for a for fencing clubs
around Brisbane postal University YMCA
and Camelot on the Gold Coast contact
John Humphreys for more information on
three five one three six one seven
that's three five one three six one
seven nice bike but aren't you lacking
something you want to be safe don't you
so you'll need to wear something bright
and you'll need a protective helmet
right real flag
feel safer now wheel reflectors fail
their career and pebble reflectors bike
right and you'll buy Triton when your
money to invest and you want to make it
pay you don't know where to turn or who
you can rely on then you finally gotta
figure that they change it all again
shout stop give me the simple life if
you've got five hundred dollars or more
to invest a metropolitan savings
investment account always as your high
interest on daily balances and gives you
the added convenience of daily access to
your funds Metropolitan's savings
investment account let report give me
the simple life how can i redecorate
cheaply simply and in time for christmas
easy
bring your window measurements to any
curtain Wonderland store and take a look
at our big range of ready-made curtains
lots of styles and colors to suit all
standard window sizes priced from alone
$19.99 appear choose what you want hang
them up and it's done or save on curtain
Wonderland's rod pocket continuous range
choose what you want cut to width slip
on a rod and hang instant curtains for
Christmas at curtain Wonderland now are
you ready for something you suckers
paradise has a new heart
paradise center spend a family day with
us during these school holidays
hi mrs. pound no double trouble yes
you'll never get that ground in dirt out
and leave Jenny's dress soft fad too
will know product from clean and soften
fad too can new fab to heavy-duty
detergent plus full strength fabric
softener built in I can't believe it
even the ground in dirt out and Jimmy's
breasts feel so soft
hold it new Feb 2 is claim fabulous sir